Remove TRUNCATE PARTITION as non-supported (#12425)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

* The `ALGORITHM={INSTANT,INPLACE,COPY}` syntax functions only as an assertion in TiDB, and does not modify the `ALTER` algorithm. See [`ALTER TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-table.md) for further details.
* Adding/Dropping the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type is unsupported. For more details about the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type, refer to [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md).
* Different types of indexes (`HASH|BTREE|RTREE|FULLTEXT`) are not supported, and will be parsed and ignored when specified.

> * Table Partitioning supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, and `LIST` partitioning types. For the unsupported partition type, the `Warning: Unsupported partition type %s, treat as normal table` warning will given, where `%s` is a specific partition type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Table Partitioning supports `HASH`, `RANGE`, and `LIST` partitioning types. For the unsupported partition type, the `Warning: Unsupported partition type %s, treat as normal table` warning will be returned, where `%s` is a specific partition type.
```

* Table Partitioning also supports `ADD`, `DROP`, and `TRUNCATE` operations. Other partition operations are ignored. The following Table Partition syntaxes are not supported:
    - `PARTITION BY KEY`
    - `PARTITION BY LINEAR KEY`
    - `SUBPARTITION`

> * And the following `ALTER TABLE` commands are not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following `ALTER TABLE` commands are not supported:
```
